Don't comment bad code, rewrite it. - Brian Kernighan
A programming language is for thinking about programs, not for expressing programs you've already thought of. It should be a pencil, not a pen. - Paul Graham
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. - Dan Salomon
It´s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive. - Steve McConnell
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. - Ken Thompson
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.Therfore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. - Rajanand
System programmers are the high priests of a low cult. - Robert S. Barton
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!" - Vidiu Platon
Measuring programming progree by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progree by weight. - Bill Gates
If debudding is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaning your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Rick Osborne
People don't care about what you say, they care about what you build. - Mark Zuckerberg
We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users. — Jeff Atwood
If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect. — Norm Schryer
Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. - Linus Torvalds
If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy. - Donald Knuth
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late. - 	Seymour Cray
Debugging becomes significantly easier if you first admit that you are the problem. - William Laeder
Talk is cheap.Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Everybody in this country should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. - Steve Jobs
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. - Rajanand
First, solve the problem.Then write the code. - John Johnson
The function of a good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. — Bill Gates
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary. - Blaise Pascal
Everyday life is like programming, I guess.If you love something you can put beauty on it. - Donald Knuth
As a programmer, it is your job to put yourself out of business. What you do today can be automated tomorrow. - Doug McIlroy
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Doug Linder
Testing can only prove the presence of bugs, not their absence. – Edsger W. Dijkstra